Feat: secure cert support (#2629)
zowe/zowe-cli: docs/Certificate_Keychain_Limitations.md

# macOS Keychain Certificate Limitations and Workarounds

## Overview

When using `certAccount` and `certKeyAccount` properties to authenticate with certificates stored in macOS Keychain, you may encounter an issue where the **certificate** is successfully retrieved but the **private key** cannot be exported. This document explains why this happens and provides several workarounds.

## The Problem

### Error Message

```

> Private key export not supported - identity found but key cannot be exported for account 'User BJSIMM on tvt4002'

Reviewer: If we intend for these docs to be user-facing, can we use a generic username (and system name if applicable)?

```suggestion
Private key export not supported - identity found but key cannot be exported for account 'User IBMUSER on lpar1'
```
